README.md, before:

# Nginx Snow-Globe
How to simulate and test most any scenario when using NGINX as a reverse proxy in your own little world.

## Overview

This project was created to test out NGINX configuration.  We move beyon the "-t" option to validate the configuration.  This framework builds an isolated environment of upstream servers and then sends a request into the NGINX instance.  This "magic" is done by parsing the configuration, dynamically building an upstream file, and with the power of Docker Compose, simulating an actual flow through your NGINX configuration.


## How To Use Snow-Globe
To use this framework, here are the pre-requesites for your machine:
- Docker (1.11.0 or greater)
- Docker Compose (1.7.0 or greater)
- Java JDK (version 1.8.0 or greater)

#### Project Setup
You will need to do three things to use this framework:
1.  Setup a gradle or maven project with the libarary [here in artifactory](http://artifactory.kroger.com/artifactory/webapp/#/artifacts/browse/tree/General/kroger-dcp/com/kroger/dcp/nginxSnowGlobe/nginx-snow-globe) set.
2.  Configure `snow-globe.yaml`
3.  Write your tests.

The sections below will show you how to do this.

**Setup a gradle or maven Project**
You need to include in your test part of compilation, the latest jar from here: http://artifactory.kroger.com/artifactory/webapp/#/artifacts/browse/tree/General/kroger-dcp/com/kroger/dcp/nginxSnowGlobe/nginx-snow-globe

Below is an example snippet for gradle:
```
compileTest(group: 'com.kroger.dcp.nginxSnowGlobe', name: 'nginx-snow-globe', version: '1.0-1-gffe2f52')
```
Below is an example snipppet for maven:
```
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.kroger.dcp.nginxSnowGlobe</groupId>
    <artifactId>nginx-snow-globe</artifactId>
    <version>1.0-1-gffe2f52</version>
</dependency>
```

**Configure `snow-globe.yaml`**
The yaml file has several entries that need to be completed.  Below is the documenation on this:
```
nginx.volume.mounts:
# This is a list of files that you want to have mounted into your NGINX instance.  Below shows a single file
# that is being #mounted to "/etc/nginx/nginx.conf" inside of the container.  You can also specify
# directories to cover multiple files.
  - "src/nginx/nginx.conf:/etc/nginx/nginx.conf"
nginx.upstream.file.path:
# this is the location of the upstream file that will be created inside of the container.  Your
# configuration _MUST_ reference this file so it can be properly inserted.  You should not mount your
# own upstream file in the mounts section.  The framework will build it for your.
  "/etc/nginx/upstreams.conf"
nginx.container:
# The docker container to use to run your test.  This should be a working nginx container with the
# command "nginx" on the path.
  "docker.kroger.com/library/nginx:1.11.3"
nginx.url.port.mapping:
# A mapping of the url to the port on your NGINX configuration.  The first is a simple name to identify
# your mapping.  The first parameter "pattern" is a regular expression to match for this port.  The
# "port" specifies which port on your nginx instance to route.  Below shows the simple pattern to
# direct all https calls to 443 and all http: calls to 80 on the container.
  - https:
      pattern: "https:.*"
      port: 443
  - http:
      pattern: "http:.*"
      port: 80
upstream.fake.container:
# This is the name of the container for the fake upstream service.  The project has the ability to build
# the nodejs application that will reflect back the response.
  "docker.kroger.com/nginx/fake-upstream-service:1.0"
framework.log.output:
# If set to true, then each test will output the NGINX logs for each test.
  true
```


# Examples Test Scenarios

Below are example test scenarios that include configuration and testing examples.  All of the examples below are used as 
integration tests for the project and pass for each build.

## Verifying the HTTP status code response to the client.

There are times where nginx or the upstream server set the HTTP response code and we can verify the response code whether
it is set in Nginx or the upstream server.

**Simple Example**

This is an example that verifies that the upstream server that sends a 200 will return back to the client with a 200.

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /login {
       proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
       proxy_set_header host $host;
       proxy_pass  https://Login_Cluster/login-path;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/StatusCodeTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_return_200_for_login() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/login").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectResponseCode(200);
    }
```

---
***HTTP -> HTTPS redirect Example***

This is an example that an http call will return a HTTP `301` and have a location header to use HTTPS

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
 server {
     listen *:80;
     server_name
        www.nginx-test.com;

        location / {
            return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
        }
  }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/StatusCodeTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_return_301_http_to_https() {
        make(getRequest("http://www.nginx-test.com").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectResponseHeader("Location", "https://www.nginx-test.com/")
                .andExpectResponseCode(301);
    }
```

## Verifying the call was routed to the correct upstream cluster

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that it was sent to the correct cluster.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that the login calls are routed to the login cluster.  We have another test that verifies that it is 
routed to the item cluster

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /login {
       proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
       proxy_set_header host $host;
       proxy_pass  https://Login_Cluster/login-path;
   }
   
   location /item {
      proxy_set_header host $host;
      proxy_pass  http://Item_Cluster/item;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/ClusterNameTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_route_login_request_to_login_cluster() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/login").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectClusterName("Login_Cluster");
    }
    
    @Test
    public void should_route_item_request_to_item_cluster() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/item").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectClusterName("Item_Cluster");
    }
```


## Verifying the call sent to the upstream app uses the correct path

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that it was sent to the upstream app with
the correct path.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that the login calls are routed with the upstream path of "/login-path".

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /login {
       proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
       proxy_set_header host $host;
       proxy_pass  https://Login_Cluster/login-path;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/AppPathTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_route_login_request_to_login_path() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/login").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectAppPath("/login-path");
    }
```

## Verifying the call to the upstream application contains a specific header

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that it was sent to the upstream app with
the a specific header and the value matches a regex pattern.  This also verifies that the host header field is properly 
set using a dynamic variable.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that the login calls are routed with the "x-forwarded-proto" header field sent with a value of "https"

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /login {
       proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
       proxy_set_header host $host;
       proxy_pass  https://Login_Cluster/login-path;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/RequestHeaderTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_add_x_proto_header_to_login_request() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/login").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectRequestHeaderToApplicationMatching("x-forwarded-proto", "https")
                .andExpectRequestHeaderToApplicationMatching("host", "www.nginx-test.com");
    }
```

## Verifying the call to the upstream application has the url fields properly set.

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that it was sent to the upstream app with
the host, protocol, and url field.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that the login calls are routed with the with the host, protocol and url fields properly set

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /login {
       proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
       proxy_set_header host $host;
       proxy_pass  https://Login_Cluster/login-path;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/AppUrlTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_properly_pass_url_fields() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/login").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectAppUrl("https://www.nginx-test.com/login-path");
    }
```

## Verifying the response headers

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that the response contains specific 
headers.  One interesting thing to note is that you can configure your fake upstream servers to respond with specific
headers.  Another test is that you might want Nginx to remove a response header.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that the that the response header contains specific fields and values that can be populated by the upstream
response or from the nginx configuration.  The second test verifies that response does not contain a response header 
that was generated by the upstream server, but the `proxy_hide_header` directive suppresses it.

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /checkout {
       proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
       proxy_set_header host $host;
       add_header rp-response-header true;
       proxy_hide_header internal-secret-key;
       proxy_pass  https://Cart_Cluster/cart/checkout;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/ResponseHeaderTest.java`)
```
    // A custom upstream app can be created that defines response headers.
    public static AppServiceCluster cartUpstreamApp = makeHttpsWebService("Cart_Cluster", 1)
            .withResponseHeader("got-cart", "success")
            .withResponseHeader("internal-secret-key", "42");
    //...
                
    @Test
    public void should_return_response_headers() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/checkout").to(nginxReverseProxy))
            .andExpectResponseHeader("got-cart", "success") // this comes from the fake upstream
            .andExpectResponseHeader("rp-response-header", "true"); // this comes from the Nginx Configuration
    }
    
    @Test
    public void should_not_return_secret_header() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/checkout").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectMissingResponseHeader("internal-secret_key");
    }

```


## Verifying the call is made to a specific upstream server

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that the request is sent to a specific 
upstream instance.  This is useful to verify the weighting, and load distribution configuration.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that the calls are made in a round robin distribution.

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
    location /login {
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
        proxy_set_header host $host;
        proxy_pass  https://Login_Cluster/login-path;
    }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/ClusterNumberTest.java`)
```
    // A custom upstream app can be created that defines response headers.
    public static AppServiceCluster cartUpstreamApp = makeHttpsWebService("Cart_Cluster", 1)
            .withResponseHeader("got-cart", "success");
            
    //... 
    
    @Test
    public void should_round_robin_each_request_to_each_upstream_instance() {
        range(0,10).forEach(clusterNumber ->
                make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/login").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectClusterNumber(clusterNumber));
    }
```


## Verifying the call made to an upstream server contains a query param

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that the request is sent to an upstream
service has a specified query param set.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that a path variable from a regex expression is converted to a query parameter for an upstream service.

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location ~* /search/(.*) {
        proxy_pass http://Search_Cluster/search?q=$1;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/QueryParamTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_convert_path_to_query_param() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/search/milk").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectToHaveQueryParam("q", "milk");
    }
```


## Verifying the response matches a file or string

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that response matches a string value or 
the contents of a file.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that `/body` matches the file in `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/static/static.html` and the string
contents

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /body {
        try_files /static.html =404;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/FileResponseTest.java`)
```
   @Test
   public void should_return_response_headers() {
       make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/checkout").to(nginxReverseProxy))
               .andExpectResponseHeader("got-cart", "success")
               .andExpectResponseHeader("rp-response-header", "true");
   }
   
   @Test
   public void should_not_return_secret_header() {
       make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/checkout").to(nginxReverseProxy))
               .andExpectMissingResponseHeader("internal-secret_key");
   }
```

Commit message:

Small documentation change to overview and added image

README.md, after:

# Snow-Globe

A end to end testing framework that will simulate your upstream servers and help verify that Nginx properly routes all 
of your calls.  It verifies that your configuration decorates the request to the upstream servers and the responses back
work as expected.

[Snow Globe Visual Layout](https://stash.kroger.com/projects/DCPCE/repos/nginx-snow-globe/raw/snowGlobe.png?at=refs%2Fheads%2Fmaster)

We move beyond the "-t" option to validate the configuration.  This framework builds an isolated environment of upstream servers and then sends a request into the NGINX instance.  This "magic" is done by parsing the configuration, dynamically building an upstream file, and with the power of Docker Compose, simulating an actual flow through your NGINX configuration.


## How To Use Snow-Globe
To use this framework, here are the pre-requesites for your machine:
- Docker (1.11.0 or greater)
- Docker Compose (1.7.0 or greater)
- Java JDK (version 1.8.0 or greater)

#### Project Setup
You will need to do three things to use this framework:
1.  Setup a gradle or maven project with the libarary [here in artifactory](http://artifactory.kroger.com/artifactory/webapp/#/artifacts/browse/tree/General/kroger-dcp/com/kroger/dcp/nginxSnowGlobe/nginx-snow-globe) set.
2.  Configure `snow-globe.yaml`
3.  Write your tests.

The sections below will show you how to do this.

**Setup a gradle or maven Project**
You need to include in your test part of compilation, the latest jar from here: http://artifactory.kroger.com/artifactory/webapp/#/artifacts/browse/tree/General/kroger-dcp/com/kroger/dcp/nginxSnowGlobe/nginx-snow-globe

Below is an example snippet for gradle:
```
compileTest(group: 'com.kroger.dcp.nginxSnowGlobe', name: 'nginx-snow-globe', version: '1.0-1-gffe2f52')
```
Below is an example snipppet for maven:
```
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.kroger.dcp.nginxSnowGlobe</groupId>
    <artifactId>nginx-snow-globe</artifactId>
    <version>1.0-1-gffe2f52</version>
</dependency>
```

**Configure `snow-globe.yaml`**
The yaml file has several entries that need to be completed.  Below is the documenation on this:
```
nginx.volume.mounts:
# This is a list of files that you want to have mounted into your NGINX instance.  Below shows a single file
# that is being #mounted to "/etc/nginx/nginx.conf" inside of the container.  You can also specify
# directories to cover multiple files.
  - "src/nginx/nginx.conf:/etc/nginx/nginx.conf"
nginx.upstream.file.path:
# this is the location of the upstream file that will be created inside of the container.  Your
# configuration _MUST_ reference this file so it can be properly inserted.  You should not mount your
# own upstream file in the mounts section.  The framework will build it for your.
  "/etc/nginx/upstreams.conf"
nginx.container:
# The docker container to use to run your test.  This should be a working nginx container with the
# command "nginx" on the path.
  "docker.kroger.com/library/nginx:1.11.3"
nginx.url.port.mapping:
# A mapping of the url to the port on your NGINX configuration.  The first is a simple name to identify
# your mapping.  The first parameter "pattern" is a regular expression to match for this port.  The
# "port" specifies which port on your nginx instance to route.  Below shows the simple pattern to
# direct all https calls to 443 and all http: calls to 80 on the container.
  - https:
      pattern: "https:.*"
      port: 443
  - http:
      pattern: "http:.*"
      port: 80
upstream.fake.container:
# This is the name of the container for the fake upstream service.  The project has the ability to build
# the nodejs application that will reflect back the response.
  "docker.kroger.com/nginx/fake-upstream-service:1.0"
framework.log.output:
# If set to true, then each test will output the NGINX logs for each test.
  true
```


# Examples Test Scenarios

Below are example test scenarios that include configuration and testing examples.  All of the examples below are used as 
integration tests for the project and pass for each build.

## Verifying the HTTP status code response to the client.

There are times where nginx or the upstream server set the HTTP response code and we can verify the response code whether
it is set in Nginx or the upstream server.

**Simple Example**

This is an example that verifies that the upstream server that sends a 200 will return back to the client with a 200.

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /login {
       proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
       proxy_set_header host $host;
       proxy_pass  https://Login_Cluster/login-path;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/StatusCodeTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_return_200_for_login() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/login").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectResponseCode(200);
    }
```

---
***HTTP -> HTTPS redirect Example***

This is an example that an http call will return a HTTP `301` and have a location header to use HTTPS

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
 server {
     listen *:80;
     server_name
        www.nginx-test.com;

        location / {
            return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
        }
  }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/StatusCodeTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_return_301_http_to_https() {
        make(getRequest("http://www.nginx-test.com").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectResponseHeader("Location", "https://www.nginx-test.com/")
                .andExpectResponseCode(301);
    }
```

## Verifying the call was routed to the correct upstream cluster

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that it was sent to the correct cluster.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that the login calls are routed to the login cluster.  We have another test that verifies that it is 
routed to the item cluster

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /login {
       proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
       proxy_set_header host $host;
       proxy_pass  https://Login_Cluster/login-path;
   }
   
   location /item {
      proxy_set_header host $host;
      proxy_pass  http://Item_Cluster/item;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/ClusterNameTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_route_login_request_to_login_cluster() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/login").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectClusterName("Login_Cluster");
    }
    
    @Test
    public void should_route_item_request_to_item_cluster() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/item").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectClusterName("Item_Cluster");
    }
```


## Verifying the call sent to the upstream app uses the correct path

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that it was sent to the upstream app with
the correct path.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that the login calls are routed with the upstream path of "/login-path".

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /login {
       proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
       proxy_set_header host $host;
       proxy_pass  https://Login_Cluster/login-path;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/AppPathTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_route_login_request_to_login_path() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/login").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectAppPath("/login-path");
    }
```

## Verifying the call to the upstream application contains a specific header

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that it was sent to the upstream app with
the a specific header and the value matches a regex pattern.  This also verifies that the host header field is properly 
set using a dynamic variable.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that the login calls are routed with the "x-forwarded-proto" header field sent with a value of "https"

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /login {
       proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
       proxy_set_header host $host;
       proxy_pass  https://Login_Cluster/login-path;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/RequestHeaderTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_add_x_proto_header_to_login_request() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/login").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectRequestHeaderToApplicationMatching("x-forwarded-proto", "https")
                .andExpectRequestHeaderToApplicationMatching("host", "www.nginx-test.com");
    }
```

## Verifying the call to the upstream application has the url fields properly set.

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that it was sent to the upstream app with
the host, protocol, and url field.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that the login calls are routed with the with the host, protocol and url fields properly set

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /login {
       proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
       proxy_set_header host $host;
       proxy_pass  https://Login_Cluster/login-path;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/AppUrlTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_properly_pass_url_fields() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/login").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectAppUrl("https://www.nginx-test.com/login-path");
    }
```

## Verifying the response headers

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that the response contains specific 
headers.  One interesting thing to note is that you can configure your fake upstream servers to respond with specific
headers.  Another test is that you might want Nginx to remove a response header.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that the that the response header contains specific fields and values that can be populated by the upstream
response or from the nginx configuration.  The second test verifies that response does not contain a response header 
that was generated by the upstream server, but the `proxy_hide_header` directive suppresses it.

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /checkout {
       proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
       proxy_set_header host $host;
       add_header rp-response-header true;
       proxy_hide_header internal-secret-key;
       proxy_pass  https://Cart_Cluster/cart/checkout;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/ResponseHeaderTest.java`)
```
    // A custom upstream app can be created that defines response headers.
    public static AppServiceCluster cartUpstreamApp = makeHttpsWebService("Cart_Cluster", 1)
            .withResponseHeader("got-cart", "success")
            .withResponseHeader("internal-secret-key", "42");
    //...
                
    @Test
    public void should_return_response_headers() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/checkout").to(nginxReverseProxy))
            .andExpectResponseHeader("got-cart", "success") // this comes from the fake upstream
            .andExpectResponseHeader("rp-response-header", "true"); // this comes from the Nginx Configuration
    }
    
    @Test
    public void should_not_return_secret_header() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/checkout").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectMissingResponseHeader("internal-secret_key");
    }

```


## Verifying the call is made to a specific upstream server

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that the request is sent to a specific 
upstream instance.  This is useful to verify the weighting, and load distribution configuration.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that the calls are made in a round robin distribution.

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
    location /login {
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
        proxy_set_header host $host;
        proxy_pass  https://Login_Cluster/login-path;
    }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/ClusterNumberTest.java`)
```
    // A custom upstream app can be created that defines response headers.
    public static AppServiceCluster cartUpstreamApp = makeHttpsWebService("Cart_Cluster", 1)
            .withResponseHeader("got-cart", "success");
            
    //... 
    
    @Test
    public void should_round_robin_each_request_to_each_upstream_instance() {
        range(0,10).forEach(clusterNumber ->
                make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/login").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectClusterNumber(clusterNumber));
    }
```


## Verifying the call made to an upstream server contains a query param

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that the request is sent to an upstream
service has a specified query param set.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that a path variable from a regex expression is converted to a query parameter for an upstream service.

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location ~* /search/(.*) {
        proxy_pass http://Search_Cluster/search?q=$1;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/QueryParamTest.java`)
```
    @Test
    public void should_convert_path_to_query_param() {
        make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/search/milk").to(nginxReverseProxy))
                .andExpectToHaveQueryParam("q", "milk");
    }
```


## Verifying the response matches a file or string

When Nginx routes a call using the `proxy_pass` directive, this test can verify that response matches a string value or 
the contents of a file.

**Simple Example**

This verifies that `/body` matches the file in `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/static/static.html` and the string
contents

Example Nginx code snippet (from `src/integrationTestNginxConfig/nginx.conf`):
```
   location /body {
        try_files /static.html =404;
   }
```

Example test code snippet (from `src/test/java/com/kroger/snowGlobe/integration/tests/FileResponseTest.java`)
```
   @Test
   public void should_return_response_headers() {
       make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/checkout").to(nginxReverseProxy))
               .andExpectResponseHeader("got-cart", "success")
               .andExpectResponseHeader("rp-response-header", "true");
   }
   
   @Test
   public void should_not_return_secret_header() {
       make(getRequest("https://www.nginx-test.com/checkout").to(nginxReverseProxy))
               .andExpectMissingResponseHeader("internal-secret_key");
   }
```
